docs: add webinar video to readme and doc home page (#900)
akuity/kargo: README.md

Read more about Kargo in our [docs](https://kargo.akuity.io) or get hands-on
right away by following our 
[Quickstart documentation](https://kargo.akuity.io/quickstart) or its webinar video!

<center>

> <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yaZc0DdeLKk?si=BACwCHp8IKAIa7Ef" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: Even though this works in regular Markdown, GitHub will not render it.

Read more about Kargo in our [docs](https://kargo.akuity.io) or get hands-on
right away by following our 

> [Quickstart documentation](https://kargo.akuity.io/quickstart) or its webinar video!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Quickstart documentation](https://kargo.akuity.io/quickstart) or watch the launch webinar with Kelsey Hightower and Jesse Suen to see a live demo and discussion of Kargo:
```

Reviewer: LGTM after this.
